{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid801\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid9}
{\list\listtemplateid10\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid901\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid10}
{\list\listtemplateid11\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1001\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid11}
{\list\listtemplateid12\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid12}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}{\listoverride\listid10\listoverridecount0\ls10}{\listoverride\listid11\listoverridecount0\ls11}{\listoverride\listid12\listoverridecount0\ls12}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18760\viewh19560\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 generation 1: Abigail.
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 \'a0 \'a0 you were raised with humble upbringings. your dad ran a general store, while your mom was best at complaining about your \'93alternative lifestyle.\'94 you left home looking to start a life free of rules and parents, and with 20 000 simoleons in your pocket, you settled down in a new city.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 traits: 
\f1\b0 music lover, loves outdoors, geek (alternatively,
\f0\b  cats & dogs dlc
\f1\b0 : cat lover).\

\f0\b aspiration: 
\f1\b0 the curator. \

\f0\b career: 
\f1\b0 entertainer, musician branch.\

\f0\b goals:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	0.	}have one\'a0\'93quirky\'94 trait, appearance-wise (e.g. unnatural hair colour).\
{\listtext	0.	}obtain at least five points in the video game skill.\'a0\
{\listtext	0.	}complete the frog collection.\
{\listtext	0.	}have two best friends, and marry one of them.\
{\listtext	0.	}befriend a ghost. alternatively, with the
\f0\b  vampires dlc
\f1\b0 , befriend a vampire.\
{\listtext	0.	}
\f0\b cats & dogs dlc:
\f1\b0  own a cat named David JR.\
{\listtext	0.	}have at least two children.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \
generation 2: Emily.\'a0
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 \'a0 \'a0 you\'92re just working at the bar to make ends meet\'85 but your real passion is tailoring. you make your clothes from scratch. 
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 traits: 
\f1\b0 cheerful, music lover, good (alternatively, 
\f0\b get together dlc:
\f1\b0  dance machine; 
\f0\b city living dlc: 
\f1\b0 vegetarian).\

\f0\b aspiration:
\f1\b0  freelance botanist.\

\f0\b career:
\f1\b0  culinary, mixologist branch.\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	0.	}must live in the same house as your sibling.\
{\listtext	0.	}make a best friend with a sim who lives in another city/world.\
{\listtext	0.	}grow your own garden. you like your meals organic.\
{\listtext	0.	}decorate your house with clothing racks. you 
\f2\i love 
\f1\i0 fashion.\
{\listtext	0.	}complete the elements collection.\
{\listtext	0.	}develop max affinity with another sim in both the green and pink bars, have two or more children with them, then \'93ask just to be friends.\'94\'a0\
{\listtext	0.	}never marry.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \
generation 3: Sam.
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 \'a0 \'a0 you are an outgoing, friendly sim who is brimming with youthful energy. you play guitar and drums, and want to start a band as soon as you have enough songs together. however, yprpou do have a habit of starting ambitious projects and not finishing them.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 traits: 
\f1\b0 music lover, outgoing, ambitious. \

\f0\b aspiration:
\f1\b0  musical genius. \

\f0\b career: 
\f1\b0 entertainer, musician branch.\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	0.	}must not be the youngest child. live with your younger sibling(s) until they are old enough to move out. have a good relationship with them.\
{\listtext	0.	}have a strained relationship with your father (if not applicable, with any one parent). \
{\listtext	0.	}have a job as a part-time retail employee as a teen.\
{\listtext	0.	}max out the guitar skill.\
{\listtext	0.	}reach the job of the entertainer career.\
{\listtext	0.	}become best friends with two other entertainers.\
{\listtext	0.	}obtain at least five points in the video game skill.\
{\listtext	0.	}be married twice, and have one child with each spouse.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \
generation 4: Sebasti\'e1n.
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 \'a0 \'a0 you are a rebellious loner who lives in your parents\'92 basement. you tend to get deeply absorbed in computer games, comic books, and sci-fi novels, and will sometimes spend great lengths of time pursuing these hobbies alone in your room. you can be a bit unfriendly to people you don\'92t know.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 traits: 
\f1\b0 loner, geek, bookworm. \

\f0\b aspiration: 
\f1\b0 computer whiz.\

\f0\b career:
\f1\b0  tech guru, either branch.\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	0.	}have a negative relationship with your half-sibling and step-parent.\
{\listtext	0.	}live in the basement of your parents\'92 house.\
{\listtext	0.	}reach at least level 5 of the tech guru career before marriage.\
{\listtext	0.	}max out the video gaming skill.\
{\listtext	0.	}reach the top of the tech guru career.\
{\listtext	0.	}only have one child, with whom you have a strained relationship.\
{\listtext	0.	}eventually let your relationship with your spouse deteriorate and subsequently get a divorce.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \
generation 5: Penny.
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 \'a0 \'a0 you live with your mom in a little trailer. while your mom is out carousing at the bar, you quietly tends to your chores in the dim, stuffy room you are forced to call home. you is shy and modest, without any grand ambitions for life other than settling in and starting a family. she likes to cook (although your skills are questionable) and read books from the local library.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 traits:
\f1\b0  family-oriented, bookworm, neat. \

\f0\b aspiration: 
\f1\b0 big happy family (alternatively, 
\f0\b parenthood dlc: 
\f1\b0 super parent). \

\f0\b career: 
\f1\b0 none.\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	0.	}live with your mother (if not applicable, any one parent), with whom you have a negative relationship.\
{\listtext	0.	}you must cook for your parent and clean the house every day.\
{\listtext	0.	}live in a trailer-esque house. you are by no means wealthy.\
{\listtext	0.	}both you and your parent may not have jobs.\
{\listtext	0.	}marry the first person you fall in love with.\
{\listtext	0.	}your spouse is the only one who may bring in any income, while you are a stay at home mom. earning money from writing, etc. is optional.\
{\listtext	0.	}own a luxury pool at some point in your life.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \
generation 6: Harvey.
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 \'a0 \'a0 you\'92re a little old for a bachelor, but you have a kind heart and a respected position in the community. you live in a small apartment, but spend most of your time working. there\'92s a sense of sadness about you.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 traits:
\f1\b0  genius, foodie, good (alternative, 
\f0\b get together dlc:
\f1\b0  dance machine).\

\f0\b aspiration: 
\f1\b0 successful lineage.\

\f0\b career:
\f1\b0  astronaut, space ranger track (alternatively, 
\f0\b get to work dlc
\f1\b0 : doctor).\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	0.	}never date throughout your teens or young adulthood. focus on your career instead. get married only as an adult.\
{\listtext	0.	}own a coffee machine. drink coffee as much as possible.\
{\listtext	0.	}go jogging at least three times a week.\
{\listtext	0.	}set up a reading garden in your backyard.\
{\listtext	0.	}alternatively, 
\f0\b city living dlc: 
\f1\b0 live in an apartment.\
{\listtext	0.	}have at least two children. having spent most of your life single, you want to have a comfortably sized family asap.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \
generation 7: Haley.
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 \'a0 \'a0 being wealthy and popular throughout high school has made you a little conceited and self-centred. you have a tendency to judge people for superficial reasons. but is it too late for you to discover a deeper meaning to life? is there a fun, open-minded young person hidden within that shell?
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 traits: 
\f1\b0 materialistic, snob, outgoing.\

\f0\b aspiration: 
\f1\b0 fabulously wealthy (alternatively, 
\f0\b city living dlc
\f1\b0 : city native).\

\f0\b career: 
\f1\b0 none.\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	0.	}become enemies with your sibling(s) as a teenager.\
{\listtext	0.	}max out the photography skill.\
{\listtext	0.	}you may only get a career after you are married, and you must follow the same career path as your spouse. they opened your mind and inspired you to have interests beyond shopping.\
{\listtext	0.	}earn at least three points in charisma, so you may donate to online charities 
\f2\i after 
\f1\i0 you are married.\
{\listtext	0.	}bake a cake for every birthday that comes around.\
{\listtext	0.	}grow a flower garden.\
{\listtext	0.	}become friends with your sibling(s) again after you are married.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \
generation 8: Elliot.
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 \'a0 \'a0you live alone in a cabin. you are a writer who dreams of one day writing a magnificent novel. you are a sentimental \'93romantic\'94 with a tendency to go off onto flowery, poetic tangents. when you can afford it, you enjoy a strong beverage at the bar.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 traits:
\f1\b0  romantic, bookworm, loner. \

\f0\b aspiration:
\f1\b0  bestselling author.\

\f0\b career:
\f1\b0  writer, author branch.\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls8\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	0.	}live in a cabin-esque house.\
{\listtext	0.	}obtain at least five points in the piano skill.\
{\listtext	0.	}own a small garden.\
{\listtext	0.	}specialise in romance books and poetry. later, you may also specialise in sci fi or mystery novels.\
{\listtext	0.	}write love emails to your love interest at least once a week.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \
generation 9: Leah.
\f1\b0  \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 \'a0 \'a0 you love to spend time outside, foraging for a wild meal or simply enjoying the gifts of the season. you\'92re a talented artist with a large portfolio of work\'85 yet you\'92re too nervous to display it to the public.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 traits:
\f1\b0  art lover, loves outdoors, foodie. \

\f0\b aspiration:
\f1\b0  painter extraordinaire.\

\f0\b career: 
\f1\b0 none (painter, later on).\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls9\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	0.	}date only one person in your young adulthood and have a child with them, but never marry. your partner is unsupportive of your artistic lifestyle and encourages you to \'93get a real job.\'94 whether you choose to get a traditional career, that is 
\f2\i not 
\f1\i0 as a painter, is up to you.\
{\listtext	0.	}eventually marry the love of your life as an adult: someone who is supportive of your art. if you did choose a career, quit and take up a career as a painter.\
{\listtext	0.	}have at least one child with your new spouse.\
{\listtext	0.	}harvest wild fruits, vegetables, etc. on weekends.\
{\listtext	0.	}grow an excellent apple tree.\
{\listtext	0.	}reach maximum painting skill, and paint at least 5 masterpieces.\
{\listtext	0.	}
\f0\b city living dlc:
\f1\b0  attend a flea market and sell your art.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \
generation 10: Maru.
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 \'a0 \'a0 you acquired a passion for creating gadgets at a young age. when you aren\'92t in your room, fiddling with tools and machinery, you sometime do odd jobs at the local hospital.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 traits: 
\f1\b0 ambitious, outgoing, geek.\

\f0\b aspiration:
\f1\b0  nerd brain.\

\f0\b career: 
\f1\b0 astronaut, space ranger branch (alternatively, 
\f0\b get to work dlc:
\f1\b0  doctor 
\f2\i or 
\f1\i0 scientist).\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls10\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	0.	}have a negative relationship with your half-sibling.\
{\listtext	0.	}max out the handiness skill.\
{\listtext	0.	}max out the logic skill.\
{\listtext	0.	}upgrade at least five objects.\
{\listtext	0.	}own a rocket ship.\
{\listtext	0.	}your sim\'92s partner must be friends with your father (if not applicable, with either parent) before you can become engaged.\
{\listtext	0.	}eventually, your relationship with your spouse becomes strained and you break up. you die as soon as your eldest child is a young adult.\
{\listtext	0.	}
\f0\b get to work dlc:
\f1\b0  get abducted by aliens.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \
generation 11: Alex.\'a0
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0you love sports. you are quite arrogant and brag to everyone that you are going to be a professional athlete. is your cockiness just a facade to mask your crushing self-doubt? are you using your sports dream to fill the void left by the disappearance of your parents?\'a0
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 traits:
\f1\b0  bro, active, mean (alternatively,\'a0
\f0\b cats & dogs dlc
\f1\b0 : dog lover).\'a0\

\f0\b aspiration: 
\f1\b0 bodybuilder.\

\f0\b career: 
\f1\b0 athlete, professional athlete branch.\

\f0\b goals:\'a0
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls11\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	0.	}become enemies with your father, but have had a very close relationship with your mother.\'a0\
{\listtext	0.	}begin dating in your teens and go on at least three dates with three different people.\
{\listtext	0.	}do not marry until you are in the later stages of young adulthood. you\'92re marrying your soulmate, someone who stuck with you despite your arrogance.\
{\listtext	0.	}max out the athletic skill.\
{\listtext	0.	}reach level 10 of the athlete career track.\
{\listtext	0.	}
\f0\b cats & dogs dlc: 
\f1\b0 own a dog named dusty.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \
generation 12: Shane.
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0you are often rude and unhappy, and suffer from depression and alcohol dependence.\'a0however, your attitude starts to change towards your spouse. after work you frequently spend your evenings at the bar.\'a0if you could reset your life maybe you\'92d start a chicken farm. only free-range eggs of course.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 traits: 
\f1\b0 lazy, gloomy, mean.\'a0\

\f0\b aspiration: 
\f1\b0 master mixologist.\

\f0\b career: 
\f1\b0 culinary, mixologist branch.\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls12\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}have a career as a retail worker as a teen.\
{\listtext	2.	}go to the bar after work every day.\
{\listtext	3.	}only get married as an adult.\'a0\
{\listtext	4.	}after marriage, quit your job as a mixologist and choose a different career path. you\'92ve been encouraged by your spouse to give up alcohol.\
{\listtext	5.	}after marriage, start a garden.\'a0\
{\listtext	6.	}have a maximum of two children.\
{\listtext	7.	}
\f0\b cats & dogs dlc
\f1\b0 : adopt a pet named Charlie.\
}